1. This is the first line.
2. Standing on the steps in front of Buffy at the college
3. I freeze hearing a child's voice calling my name turning I look at the boy who runs up getting between Buffy and I.
4. "Hi I'm looking for Faith Lehane Mills" he says looking at us "do either of you know her?" He asks.
5. "That's me who the hell are you?" I demand crossing my arms.
6. "I'm Henry Mills, your brother" he says smiling at me.
7. Frowning I look at the child "she had another kid?" I ask ignoring Buffy.
8. "No I'm adopted too, but I need your help" he says.
9. Hearing sirens coming closer I glance around before yanking the boy up tossing him over my shoulder and running.
10. Reaching a somewhat safe area I sit him down "what are you doing here?"
"You have to come home I messed up, I brought my birth mom back and she broke the curse now mom's prisoner in town square, she's supposed to be an example of what fate evil will meet, my ma tried to help her and now she's a prisoner to"
"Kid I'm not a hero" I say sighing.
"I don't need a hero, you're like Mom you don't care about being light" he says sounding desperate.
"She really needs help?" I ask to be sure.
"They have a magic blocking cuff on her and Ma to be safe"
Nodding I look around "then get ready kid because you're not dealing with a hero so I don't follow the rules" she warns.
Seeing him nod I take off walking down the street till I find a car, seeing the door's unlocked I yank the wires out to start it "get in we have to grab a few things".
Henry pov
Coming to a building I look around confused "go in and get the bag under my bed, the box in my closet, and some clothes I'll be back" she orders holding keys out.
Getting out I take them and head up, getting to the door I frown nervously shuffling in place at the police tape across the door.
Taking a breath I unlock the door and duck in to find what she needs, I have to let go of my beliefs of what being good is after what my grandparents did and they're supposed to be heros, but I'm starting to see they're not heros just painted in a better light then Mom.
I may not fully understand why Ma kept stressing about Regina being a good mom to me but I can see it better now, grabbing what she asked for and a bag of clothes I walk to the door blushing, I really didn't need to know what her bras look like but I couldn't find any underwear.
Knocking a box over I stop and pick it seeing comic books, shrugging I push it out with me before heading up looking for anything else.
Finding another I move it outside and sit since I didn't find anything else, hearing tires squealing I look up seeing Faith come back.
She slams on the breaks and jumps out grabbing the stuff tossing it in the bag seat leaving room for me, climbing in I buckle up as she speeds off "what'd you have to get?" I ask.
"A few things for my job" she answers.
Nodding I lean forward watching her drive "I got your comic books, can I read them?"
"Knock yourself out" she says.
